there's a picnic table especially wow
I'm sorry my son is so aggressive but he
doesn't have a father that was a good
day all right Stuart yo mama set up for
our picnic well don't worry what does
mama say about playing on the monkey
bars no boys are planting bars get
calluses right here
and we met calluses right here people
think you're low class or a dirty
Italian that's right yeah but don't talk
so loud because I think that balloon man
might be Italian no story remember the
last time I let you have a balloon when
you tried to blow it up you accidentally
swallowed Edna block your bowels for
tail Lake
just can't afford $1 for a balloon
Stewart should get off that bench right
now you're gonna get splinters in your
go go they did mama another hot I can't
have to order that drink and found and
take another hot flash because you're
getting older and your baby box is going
I'm a leaf and I'm trying that's right
it's autumn right here and it is about
to fall between my legs now let me go
over to that track because I gotta take
my pill but first let's practice our
stranger Chris alright okay what do you
do if a stranger asks you what time it
is say it's daytime and run good what if
they want you to help them find their
puppy what if they offer you candy thank
you well I'll be right back why now
don't you talk to strangers to promise
ya laughter strangers but I'll talk to
you if you promise to stay away from my
dangers on that's not gonna be a problem
they're they're a dollar each oh well
you kid here you go don't push you a lot
don't push your luck by Italian man that
is a disgusting fountain where did you
get the balloon sorry now you know
there's no such thing as a balloon tree
now give me that balloon Jorge you give
it to mama right now you give it to mama
I can't have it and nobody can
I would like to buy my son a balloon
that's gonna be $1 yeah all right what
color would you like Stuart hi George
don't be greedy what does mom would say
about the greedy boys Grady boys get
killed in their sleep yeah absolutely
now go ahead and get quick quick let me
do it the balloon man he's probably got
to get back to his big Italian family
uh-huh I'm not married
my name is torie and I'm a single mother
and I'm a very good cook and I never met
your mouth on why man are you are you
asking me out
yes I am well I accept that she's 47 and
her baby box says how would you like to
have every single one of these here
below